---
layout: post
title: Contest #1 Candy Shooter
cover: 4.png
date:   2000-01-02
categories: contests
---

# Candy Shooter

Shoot skittles into a cup placed at a random distance.

# Results

## Round 1 - Qualifications

|Name         |Score|
|:-----------:|:---:|
|Topher P.    |0    |
|Wes T.       |0    |
|Kevin H.     |0    |
|Thomas R.    |0    |
|Pat F.       |0    |
|Joe B.       |1    |

## Round 2 - Semi-Finals

Round 2 we let everyone go again (and Bob showed up). We also enlarged the cup to enhance the radar cross-section.

|Name         |Score|
|:-----------:|:---:|
|Topher P.    |2    |
|Wes T.       |0    |
|Kevin H.     |3    |
|Thomas R.    |2    |
|Pat F.       |1*   |
|Joe B.       |1    |
|Bob H.       |0    |
|Son of Bob H.|0    |

*Pat had a skittle bounce into a up that was sitting on the table, we decided to count it.

## Round 2 - Semi Final Tie Breaker

Round 2 had Thomas and TTopher in a tie, so we had an additional round to determine who would go to the finals.

|Name         |Score|
|:-----------:|:---:|
|Topher P.    |1.5* |
|Thomas R.    |2    |

*Topher landed a skittle on a random cup on the table, we counted this as a half-point.

## Round 3 - Finals

|Name         |Score|
|:-----------:|:---:|
|Kevin H.     |2    |
|Thomas R.    |2    |

## Round 3 - Finals Sudden Death

After the tie we decided to have a first-in-the-cup-wins sudden-death.

|Name         |Score|
|:-----------:|:---:|
|Kevin H.     |0    |
|Thomas R.    |1    |

### When

23-May-2015, 6pm.

### Where

**Out of Bounds Brewing**<br>
4480 Yankee Hill Road #100<br>
Rocklin, CA 95677<br>

### Contraption Rules

 1. Your contraption should have a **footprint** no larger than ~2 x 2 feet
   - This rule is meant to make the contraptions easy to travel with and easy to set up quickly
   - There is no limit on:
     - The height of your contraption
     - The size our contraption can stretch to while shooting
     - The weight of your contraption
 2. Your contraption can only shoot one projectile at a time
 3. No flammable or liquid propellants
 4. There are no limits on cost or build materials

You can make a catapult, trebuchet, air-cannon, sling-shot, etc. Just don't make something unsafe to competitors or spectators.

### The Ammunition and the Target

The ammunition for your contraption will be standard-size skittles candy.

The target will be a standard size "Red SOLO" plastic cup, weighted to prevent knock-over/bounce-out.

### The Contest

 1. Set up your contraption in a defined area on the table behind the index line
 2. The cup will be placed at a random distance from the index line (between 6 and 8 feet) and you will be given the distance within 1 inch (the cup will be on the same level as your contraption, either on the ground or on a table)
 3. You have one(1) minute to adjust/aim your contraption
 4. You have two(2) minutes to shoot ten(10) skittles (adjustments can be made during firing)
 5. Each skittle that lands and stays in the cup will count as one point (bounce-outs don't count!)

#### Round #1 - Qualification

All competitors make an attempt and their score is recorded.

#### Round #2 - Semifinal

The **top five(5)** competitors from Round #1 will make an additional attempt and their score is recorded. This rounds score determines finalists.

#### Round #3 - Final

The **top two(2)** competitors from Round #2 make a final attempt, the highest score for this round determines the winner.

In the event of a tie a **ridiculously tiny** cup will replace the standard size cup and additional attempts will be made by each finalist until a final score is determined.
